Update troubleshoot-vm-connectivity.md (#122989)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/troubleshoot-vm-connectivity.md

To resolve these problems, follow the steps in the following section.

> [!NOTE]  

> > You can use followings:
> > * ```netstat -an``` to list the ports that the VM is listening.
> > * Test-NetConnection module in PowerShell to display diagnostic information for a connection such as ping test, tcp test etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use the following:
> * `netstat -an` to list the ports that the VM is listening to
> * Test-NetConnection module in PowerShell to display diagnostic information for a connection such as ping test and tcp test
```
